## Test1

### Last Week
It was a busy last week as I prepared for my interview Tuesday of this week. Last Friday, I met with the former Amazon recruiter to do a mock interview, and found it really helpful. Soon into the mock, I felt super unprepared, but by the end I had some ah-ha moments, and takeaways of what I needed to work on. The pending interview forced me to make progress on my "interview assets," and I've now crafted my "elevator pitch" and many STAR stories - something I've been putting off for weeks! My interview was Tuesday and I held my breath until this morning when I found out I'm going to the next round (5 hours of interviews). It'll be scheduled for the week after next, and now I have even more prep to do! In the last week I also listened to the audiobook "Cracking the Amazon Interview" which I found helpful overall for this particular interview. I also bought an audiobook about the STAR method, that I've only just started, but it has some good info. Coincidentally, the evening of my interview there was an event I found last minute to practice behavioral interviews, so I attended. It was somewhat helpful.. I felt like I was mostly giving others tips on how to improve their stories since I'd just spent the weekend practicing. I did get some helpful feedback too though, and noted some questions I need to prep answers for.

Our JSC meeting was this morning and only 3 of us were able to make it. We discussed our Listening Tours, however we hadn't had scheduled many calls for it yet, so we focused mainly on what our blockers were to having these and setting some related goals for the next week. 

I also dug into the Blog template in VS Code this week and got my website up to date.


### This Week
This week I need to try to get ahead on the next two weeks of school so I have more time later for interview prep. The next round will focus on the Leadership Principles, so I need to have 1-2 relevant stories for each one. I also need to try to relax so I'm going to do a yoga class tomorrow. 

I'd set some personal goals in JSC for the next week, however I got the news about the next interviews after, so I may need to postpone some of those goals for now.


### Impediments
I'm feeling a bit tired after this week. I need to find time to cook again, and generally get ahead on things so I don't feel behind in everything. My dog was sick for a day this week, but seems healthy again. :) Other than that, just trying to keep my calm for the next few weeks.


### Reflections / Improved Process
I want to try to frontload as much work for the next 2 weeks as I can, and then go at a steady pace with everything so my energy stays stable.