## Test2

### Last Week
I made good progress on my plan to front-load my work so I can have plenty of time to prepare before my interview. After today, I'll have until next Wednesday to work on prep. I had the option to schedule the interviews on one day or over two, and opted for two, so it'll be Wed and Thurs next week. I also found out I have a 2 page writing assignment to complete that I need to do two days before the interview, so I'll do that tomorrow. It sounds like there are two standard questions they use, one about creativity, and one about using data. Yesterday, I met with the recruiter and she gave me some general advice on areas I should focus on during my interview prep. There is also the option to schedule a "candid chat" with an Amazon employee that would be set up for me soon before the interview.

Today our JSC met, and we were back to four members (one person is on vacation). There were some interesting updates about the Listening Tour, and we discussed the importance of portfolios, mock interview experience, and also a bit about the psychology of job searching (what feelings are normal human feelings, and what are approaches to improve energy/focus). After the call, I was inspired to reach out to my old meditation group in the Bay Area and see if they were still having virtual group meditations. I'd been wanting to find out but had been putting it off for several months, if not over a year. It turns out they are still practicing, and they gave me the info to join. I had a "RFH" today (a request for help) - since I'll be in an interview next Thursday, I asked for someone to take over the moderator role next week, and a member volunteered.

### This Week
I'm debating whether I need to do more mock interviewing, or if I should solely focus on getting more STAR stories together and practicing rehearsing. The recruiter said if I have any questions I can contact her again before the interview, so it's nice to have that open line of communication and support. 

### Impediments
My dog went to the vet this week and seems to be doing better now, but monitoring him has changed my schedule a bit this week. The general anxiety that comes with interviewing is both motivating and distracting. I'll be nice to have the interviews over with next Thursday.

### Reflections / Improved Process
I think if I can get back into meditating at least a few times per week (if not daily), that will lower the baseline of my nervous system and get me into a calm and focused place. The last time I was between jobs is when I took a meditation training course, and practiced regularly. Once work and school started, it was hard to want to sit any longer than necessary, so I wasn't regular with it then, but the benefits are great (especially when I have more time for it). 